README.md, before:


![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=masooddalman)

# 💫 About Me

📱 Mobile developer with experience in both Android and iOS platforms<br>💻 Proficient in Java, Kotlin, and Swift<br>🔄 Actively working on KMP (Kotlin Multiplatform) and KMM (Kotlin Multiplatform Mobile)<br>🕶️ Experience in building and publishing AR/VR applications (Vision Pro / Oculus Quest)<br>🎮 Experience in building mobile and VR games/ Apps using Unity<br>🚀 Passionate about cross-platform development and emerging technologies<br>📚 Always learning and exploring new tools to build better apps

## 🌐 Socials

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/987654321masooddalmann987654321) [![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@@masooddalman) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:m.dalman68@gmail.com)

# 💻 Tech Stack

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=flat&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-%237F52FF.svg?style=flat&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=flat&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=flat&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=unity&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats

![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=masooddalman&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=masooddalman&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=masooddalman&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

<div align="center">
  <a href="./kotlin.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/kotlinLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/kotlin.jpg" width="400" alt="Kotlin">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="./flutter.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/flutterLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/flutter.jpg" width="400" alt="Flutter">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="./unity.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/unityLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/unity.jpg" width="400" alt="Unity">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="./swift.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/swiftLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/swift.jpg" width="400" alt="Swift">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="./arvr.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/arVrLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/arVr.jpg" width="400" alt="ArVr">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="./python.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/pythonLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/python.jpg" width="400" alt="Python">
    </picture>
  </a>
</div>

Commit message:

docs: Add portfolio section and navigation instructions to README.

README.md, after:


![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=masooddalman)

# 💫 About Me

📱 Mobile developer with experience in both Android and iOS platforms<br>💻 Proficient in Java, Kotlin, and Swift<br>🔄 Actively working on KMP (Kotlin Multiplatform) and KMM (Kotlin Multiplatform Mobile)<br>🕶️ Experience in building and publishing AR/VR applications (Vision Pro / Oculus Quest)<br>🎮 Experience in building mobile and VR games/ Apps using Unity<br>🚀 Passionate about cross-platform development and emerging technologies<br>📚 Always learning and exploring new tools to build better apps

## 🌐 Socials

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/987654321masooddalmann987654321) [![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@@masooddalman) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:m.dalman68@gmail.com)

# 💻 Tech Stack

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=flat&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-%237F52FF.svg?style=flat&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=flat&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-F54A2A?style=flat&logo=swift&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=unity&logoColor=white)

# 📊 GitHub Stats

![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=masooddalman&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=masooddalman&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=masooddalman&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

# 📂 Portfolio

### 🖱️ Click on a banner to see projects in that category

<div align="center">
  <a href="./kotlin.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/kotlinLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/kotlin.jpg" width="400" alt="Kotlin">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="./flutter.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/flutterLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/flutter.jpg" width="400" alt="Flutter">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="./unity.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/unityLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/unity.jpg" width="400" alt="Unity">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="./swift.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/swiftLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/swift.jpg" width="400" alt="Swift">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="./arvr.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/arVrLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/arVr.jpg" width="400" alt="ArVr">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="./python.md">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./assets/pythonLight.jpg">
      <img src="./assets/python.jpg" width="400" alt="Python">
    </picture>
  </a>
</div>
